Set Load Balancer keep alive timeout to 60 seconds (#229)
dbl-works/terraform: ecs/README.md

Create a compute cluster for hosting docker based apps.

## Notes

> The `idle_timeout` is set to 60 seconds. Make sure that your webserver's keep-alive timeout is set to 60 seconds (or more) to prevent the load balancer from keeping connections open to that the server has already closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `idle_timeout` is set to 60 seconds. Ensure that your webserver's keep-alive timeout is set to 60 seconds (or more) to prevent the load balancer from keeping connections open to the already closed server.
```
